fix(ping): Fix panic in WASM caused by retrying on dial upgrade errors (#5447)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: protocols/ping/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.44.2

- Use `web-time` instead of `instant`.
  See [PR 5347](https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/pull/5347).

> - Fixes panic in WASM caused by retrying on dail errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix panic in WASM caused by retrying on dail errors.
```

- Use `web-time` instead of `instant`.
  See [PR 5347](https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/pull/5347).

> - Fix panic in WASM caused by retrying on dail errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix panic in WASM caused by retrying on dial upgrade errors.
```
